All right.
So in the last video we did the team El for our presentation project.
Now we're gonna start on the CSX in our style dot CSX is already being included.
So make sure you have your link to your style she right here.
So first thing I want to do is set some variables so let's set for the route scope.
I just want to have the colors for each page and also the animation speed.
OK because in the beginning when the landing page loads we'll have the heading come in from the top
paragraph come coming from the side and we want to say we want that speed to be inside of a variable
so let's say dash dash page dash 1 dash color and I'm going to set this to steel blue.
I'm going to use color names and let's do actual just copy this down.
So do shift option or shift all on Windows.
And then the down key.
Let's do we need four of them because this four pages and of course you could add more if you wanted
to more or less.
So three and four and let's see for page two let's do 10 and we'll do teal and let's do slate blue
which is almost the purple and then I'm just going to add a variable called an inmate dash speed so
we can easily change the speed of the animation I'm going to set that to one second.
All right so those are our variables.
Next thing I'm going to do is the body style so for the body let's do font family.
And I'm just going to use aerial for this and then let's do line height usually like to do about one
point four for the body line height color is gonna be white by default and then let's zero out the margin
in padding.
OK.
Now I don't want scroll bars to show that's that's a big part of the curve of how I want this Web site
to work.
So we want to say overflow and we want to set that too hidden.
OK.
So no scroll bars will show on the body.
So if I save that it's going to look like this which we can't see the text anymore because the text
is white.
So I think that we should implement the page colors.
So let's go down here.
Let's put a comment let's say page colors.
And basically we're going to tack on to the I.D..
OK.
All sections have a class of page.
So this is all stuff they'll share.
Styles they'll share but the ideas are unique and that's where we want the colors.
So let's do I.D..
Page One and I'm just going to do background I'm going to set it to var dash dash.
Page ups page dash 1 dash color.
All right.
And then I'll copy this line down couple more times.
This one will be two three four.
And then we want to change the I.D. to three and four.
So this way it's easy just to change the colors if you change you know if you want to have something
different for a background of a certain page.
So if we save this you'll see that now each each page has the different background color.
Now for the pages themselves each.
Every single one we're gonna want to take up the whole viewport.
Right.
So let's add in our page class down here and let's display as flex.
As soon as I do that everything's going to go in a row.
It's going to go horizontal which I don't want.
So I want to say flex dash direction.
I want to be a column and then it'll go back to going vertical.
And then let's set the height for 100 viewport heights.
And then when I save it's only going to show the first page.
OK.
Now we want to align this stuff.
So let's say a line dash items and let's say center center.
And that's going to align it harm horizontal into the center.
And then let's do justify dash content to the center and save.
And now it's a line both horizontal and vertical.
And then I'm just going to add I'm also going to text align center so the text itself and then I'm gonna
add a little padding on the left and right so zero top and bottom.
And let's do four REM left and right just so it's not right up against the edge.
All right.
Now the heading in the paragraph I want to be a little bigger.
So let's target the page each excuse me and let's set the font size let's set it to four REM and I just
want to change the line height to one point two.
I'm gonna add a margin of one room.
All right.
So let's save that.
Excuse me.
So that looks pretty good.
The paragraph I also want to be a little bigger so let's target the page paragraph and we'll set the
font size.
Let's do one point three rams.
So we'll make it a little larger.
All right.
Now let's do the button.
OK so the button here so has a class of B10 and we want to display it as an inline block as far as padding.
It's gonna be a pretty big button so we'll do one room top and bottom two left in right.
Let's make the background light by default.
You could put that in a variable if you wanted to but I think it's fine.
And then let's do color.
We'll do three three three for the text color and if it's a length we want to take away the text decoration
make that none we should also add board or none and then let's do margin dash top one room just to push
it down a little bit and then the font size I'm going to make a little bigger so we'll do one point
one room member one room by default is gonna be 16 pixels.
OK.
Now when we hover over this I wanted to change to a dark color but I also wanted to transition.
So I'm going to add a transition to all and it's going to be really quick let's say zero point three
seconds and we'll say ease in.
So that doesn't do anything because we don't have a hover yet.
So let's add a Beatty in coal and hover and I want the background to be dark and the color to be light
so if I saved that.
And now when I hover over it you'll see it transitions to dark rather than just clicking or you know
just immediately switching to a dark color.
Now let's see we also want to have a dark version of the button and I want it to be this exact styling.
So what I'll do is I'll just put a comma here and I'll just say for Beatty n dash dark.
We want to have this styling and then for the B10 dark cover it's going to go ahead and copy this.
So Beatty and dark hover is going to be the opposite.
So the background will be light and the color will be dark.
All right.
And if I click it you'll see it goes to the next page.
So I can now I can navigate up and down the pages we don't have the scrolling effect with Jake Query
yet.
And it's up to you if you want to include that or not I'm going to but you don't need to it'll just
switch like this.
All right.
So I think we're going to stop here and then in the next video we're going to add our animation and
we want this.
This heading to come in from the top.
This to come in from the side and then we'll also implement a little bit of J query to add the scrolling
effect.